[11:29:40] If you 're the founder of a company and you 're not posting content under your personal brand on YouTube , it 's a big mistake . You are almost , the likelihood is that you 're almost , the likelihood is that you 're in one of two camps , either . You 're still trying to decide whether showing up publicly as a founder is worth it at all . Or , or , or you already know , or you already know you should be doing it , but you lack a clear way to do it in a way that .
[22:03:00] Or , you know you should be doing it , but you lack a clear way to do it .
[25:39:40] Or , you know you should be doing it , but you lack a clear way to do it in a way that creates leverage for your business instead of just adding more work to your time schedule . In this video , I 'm going to show you exactly what you are missing out on if you do not launch a personal brand on YouTube , especially if you 're a founder . In this video , I 'm going to show you exactly what you 're missing . In this video , I 'm going to show you exactly what you 're missing out on if you do not launch a personal brand on YouTube as a founder . And I 'm going to walk you through how you should approach it so that it becomes a , so that it becomes , a business multiplier instead of a distraction . If you 're new here , my name is TJ and I helped founders launch their personal brand so that you can blow up . So the first question here is why should you listen to me in the first place ? Well , I already have , well , I have already gone through the process of building a successful YouTube channel . That channel generates a full - time income and that channel , that channel generates me a full - time income and it did so , and it did so well before it reached even 5000 subscribers . What that taught me was not just how to grow a channel , but to use YouTube as , but how to use YouTube intentionally as a business tool . Over time , I came to understand what the platform actually rewards and how founders can use that , and how founders can use that to create leverage instead of noise . What I did not account for on my YouTube journey , however , however , what I did not account for whilst going through my YouTube journey was the almost se rend ip itous opportunities and ,
[63:24:00] however , what I did not , what I did not account for on my YouTube journey was the , what I did not account for on my YouTube journey was the unintended and almost se rend ip itous se rend ip itous . What I did not account for on that , what I did not account for on my YouTube journey was the unintended and almost se rend ip itous opportunities that came my way from turning on the camera , getting over my fear of being , what I did not account for on my YouTube journey were all the unintended and kind of se rend ip itous opportunities that came my way simply from turning on the camera , getting over my fear of being up , getting over my fear of being public online and sharing and sharing and sharing getting over my fear of being public online and sharing to getting over my fear of being public online and starting to post content . What I did not account for , what I did not account for when on my YouTube journey was all of the unintended , almost se rend ip itous opportunities . What I did not account for when going through my YouTube journey was all the unintended and almost se rend ip itous opportunities that came my way simply by me turning on the camera when I got over my fear of being a lot . What I did not account for , what I did not account for while going through my YouTube journey were all of the unintended , almost se rend ip itous opportunities that came my way from turning on the camera , especially when I got over my fear of being , especially when I got over my fear of being on the camera public , especially when I got over my fear of being on the camera public , especially when I got over my fear of being on the camera public . Especially when I got over my fear of being public online and starting to post content consistently . Even when my videos were getting a very small number of views and I was objectively bad , people were still finding me .
[113:35:00] Client started reaching out , collaborators . Client started reaching out , collaborators started , collaborate . Client started reaching out , collaboration started , that never would have happened if I had stayed . If I had stayed , invisible . Client started reaching out , collaboration opportunities appeared , conversations started , that would have never taken place if I had never . Client started reaching out , collaboration opportunities appeared , conversations started , that would never have happened if I had stayed invisible . This is where we come , and this is where we come back to the first group of founders , I was talking about at the beginning of the video , the ones who were unsure whether they should even bother turning on the camera in the first place . Let me put it very clearly , for the vast majority of founders choosing to launch a personal brand on YouTube is a ... For the majority of founders choosing not to launch a personal brand on YouTube is a huge missed opportunity . Despite the perceived risks , this is one of the most powerful business multipl iers available right now . It directly acceler ates trust , authority and in bound demand . It also compounds indirectly through network effects , partnerships , hire ings , collaborations and access to people who can move your business forward , It directly expands indirectly through network effects . It directly acceler ates trust , authority and in bound demand . It also compounds in ... It also compounds indirectly through network effects , partnerships , hire ings , collaborations and access to people who can move your business forward become dramatically easier once you are a visible personal brand . People know who you are before you even speak to them . By the way , if you want this framework , if you want this framework that I 'm laying out , if you want this framework that I 'm laying out , there is a link in the description where you can download these slides as a PDF totally for free . So to give you some context , it took me more than a year to reach my first 1000 subscribers . I was trying to speak to an audience that I did not fully understand and I was operating in a market that did not have massive upside in terms of subscriber growth or revenue . At the same time , I was meeting some people , but at the same time , I was meeting some of the most impact ful people of my career . People reached out to me that were still ... people reached out to me that I still work with to this day , including one of my biggest clients who I now , including one of my biggest clients who have ... Including one of my biggest clients who are ... including one of my biggest clients who I had no idea ever . Including one of my biggest clients who I had no idea would ever become a client in the first place . You see , one of the first lessons I learned was that production quality comes in ... You see , one of the first lessons I learned was that production quality comes in second to being genuine and authentic . When I first started , the production quality was terrible . The sound was bad , the camera worked , the sound was bad , the camera worked was rough , editing took me forever . I remember there was one video where I filmed only half of my face , I wasn 't centered in the shot properly . But the video did well , nobody cared , no one commented about it . Why ? Because the message was good enough , it connected with enough people . I think that video got over 10 , 000 views , and my channel still only had maybe 6 or 7 , 000 subscribers at the time . Object ively , my content wasn 't good , and yet the return on investment , even at the tiny channel size , has compounded into ... Object ively , one could say that my channel wasn 't good , and yet the return on investment , even at a tiny channel size , has compounded in ways I could not have predicted . Let me tell you , there 's not a single day that goes past where my inbox does not contain some kind of opportunity and request . Let me tell you , there 's not a single day where my inbox does not have . Let me tell you , right now there 's not a single day where my inbox does not contain new opportunities of some kind . A useful way to think about this is through a sports analogy . Football or soccer in my world . If you 're an aunt , a useful way to think about this is through a sports analogy . Football or soccer in my world . If you 're an attacker , if you 're an attacker , you do not score goals by waiting in the fields or game . What you do is you get yourself in dangerous positions near the goal . You don 't know whether that killer pass is going to come to you . You don 't know whether the pass leading to a goal is going to come to you . You don 't know if someone 's going to shoot , and the rebound second up , you don 't know if someone 's going to shoot , and if they 'll be a rebound or a second opportunity chance of the goalkeeper . But by consistently putting yourself in the right place in that danger zone , opportunities eventually appear . Post ing on YouTube works exactly the same way . You 're posting your positioning yourself where opportunities can be created , and you attract them to you . Now , let 's talk about this . So , let 's talk about that second group . The founders that know they should be posting , but they don 't know how to do it effectively . If you 're a founder , you 're a personal brand . So , if you 're a founder , your personal brand should live under your own name . So , let 's start with this . If you 're a founder , make sure your personal brand is just that , a personal brand , living under your own name , not a company name , not a company or a business name . The channel is about you . On the surface , the channel is about you , not your product , at least not directly . You 're inviting the audience into you . You 're inviting the audience into your life . You 're inviting the audience to know like and trust you , and you just so happen to have these products that you sell , you have this business that is part of your identity . Your job is to tell stories . You should think about this .
[271:13:00] Your job here really is to tell stories . You should talk about wins , losses . You should show both strengths and vulnerabilities . But when you talk about these things , you should always extract lessons from the problems of you . You should always extract . But when you talk about these things , you should always extract lessons from the problems your business solves . When everything is framed purely at butt . And whilst doing this , you need to get a balance between business and personal . When everything is framed purely as business , there 's no emotional connection . People connect to people , not logos .
[291:25:00] Sometimes a story might be directed to , sometimes your story might be directly tied to your company . Or it might be about your company , but it 's something personal within that .
[297:11:40] When it 's about when it 's business related , it should always map back to a real problem your customers or ideal customers care about .
[301:28:00] Sometimes a story will be directly tied to your company , sometimes not . But when it does tie to your business , it should map , but whenever you 're telling a story , we should always try and touch that problem point that your ideal customer has . Emb edd ing , embed ding , embed ding those things that your company solves for your company as morals within the stories that you tell .
[313:34:50] You 've got to be yourself . You 've got to be yourself when you do this . That 's where you 've got to be yourself when you do this . And you 've got to be yourself when you do this . People choose , and you 've got to be yourself when you do this . People choose founders that they admire because they 're hoping to gain insight , perspective , and see the patterns that can apply to their own lives . No one follows . No one follows you without expecting some kind of return . So when you openly show how you work through problems over time , how you made decisions , how you recovered from the setback , how you recovered from the setbacks , you build deep admiration . That admiration turns to trust and trust is what causes people to buy into everything you do , including the products and the services you offer . And like I said before , you do not need to be polished . You do not need to be perfect . In fact , perfection can sometimes actively work against you . People cannot relate to someone they perceive as flawless . Most people feel deeply imperfect themselves . Most people feel deeply imperfect themselves , and they are reassured when they see the creators and founders they follow . People that have made companies and done things have mis steps , make mistakes , but then still have the persever ance to keep moving . Cons ist ency also matters , but consistency doesn 't mean burning yourself out . People ask how many , when you 're posting content , the question is , how much , when you 're posting content , the people , when you 're posting content , people say , well , how many times should I post ? The answer is the answer here , especially if you 're starting out . The answer here , especially if you 're starting out , is that you couldn 't , well , the answer here , especially if you 're starting out , is as often as you can , without diminishing the quality of your output . If it 's once a week , then that 's fine . Long form or short form both work , when you ... Long form and short form both work , but you must understand what those tools , but you must have an understanding of where those tools are appropriate in the context of your business and your personal brand .
[360:17:10] Personally , I 'm a big fan of long form . Why ? Because I believe it builds a deeper connection . But whatever allows you , but whatever allows you , there 's an exercise analogy that I think works well here . The best workout program is the program that you can stick to . That doesn 't mean it 's the optimal program . It 's just the one that allows you to be consistent , and consistency really does matter . So don 't over think things . So don 't over think things . Pick up . So pick one format that creates a ... So pick . So what I suggest is you pick one format , you create a set of rules that out . So I suggest you pick one format , you create a set of rules you can realistically . So my advice is to pick one set . So my advice is to pick one format , create a set of rules you can realistically stick to whilst running your real business . Do not over think it . Pub lish the video . Ass ume it will be bad . In fact , give yourself permission to know that it will be ... Do not over think it . Pub lish that video . Ass ume it will be bad . Give yourself permission to be bad . Try and get comfortable with that concept , because you are at the position of taking action and moving through the process . Early on , early on , early on , almost no one is watching any . Early on , almost no one is watching anyway . What matters is getting the reps in . Over time , you can iter ate and figure out what works for you . As long as you 're willing to honestly analyze your performance , and as long as you 're willing to honestly analyze your performance and analytics and try to improve as you go along , that framework ... That framework of content creation , that framework of content creation will become automatic . You will develop your instinct for packaging ideas , telling stories and publishing content consistently without draining mental energy will ...
[408:03:10] Without draining mental energy will improve . You cannot master YouTube all at once . You can not master YouTube all at once , but what you can master immediately is consistency and effort . The strategies and techniques , then the strategies and techniques come naturally once you have momentum . So , if you want a deeper , so if you want to go deeper into a framework of actually launching and struct uring a founder - led personal brand . So , if you want a deeper framework on launching and struct uring a founder - led personal brand , the right way , you should watch the next video you 're seeing on screen right now . I break down why the so - called " d umb creators " often outper form highly intelligent founders when they launch their channels . And what that means for how you should approach content , and what that means for how you should approach content that is at this stage of your business . And what that means for how you should actually approach content at this stage of your business . I 'll see you over there soon .